Meeting 9/19/19
Start Time 2:30 pm
End Time 3:30 pm
Members Present: Nikolai, Tyrel, Zane, Dr Shovic

Notetaker: Nikolai

Agenda: Started writing up the product requirements specification document using the template required. 
This has brought up several questions to bring up with the client to obtain more information about the 
Garage Sensor System.

Before Interview Began
Possible team names
•	Open space (CdA)
•	Open spot
•	Open parking
•	Spot Finder
******************
•	Park-IT-CdA   
******************
•	Park-It-spot(s)
•	Spot-CdA
•	Spot-Find-CdA
•	Parking-CdA
******************
•	Park-sense
******************
•	Park-detect

Haven't decided on name yet but Park-IT-CdA and Park-sense are liked.


Interview 2 with Dr Shovic is in https://github.com/Jaxal83/parkingSensor/blob/master/interviews/interview%209-19-19


To Do
Tidy up interview doc and upload to github (done 9-24-19)
Continue working on schedule, Team Contract - Tyrel
DFDs - Tyrel
Draft Project Requirements Specification - Nikolai
